dice/README.md, before:

You and an opponent (let's call him Eric) are playing a new dice game you just
invented. The rules are as follows:

The game consists of `n` rounds. In each round both you and Eric throw two die
each, select one of the two die and compare the die you've selected. *Eric always picks the largest of his two die.*

Before the game starts, you can choose between two strategies:

1. Always play the largest dice
    In this case you get half a point if your die and Eric's die have the
    same value, and 1 point if yours is higher.

2. Always play the lowest dice
    You get 1 point if you beat Eric, 1 point if the dice are the same
    _and_ each time you win 1 point, you also _double your pot_ prior
    to adding the point.
    
The winner of the game is the one with the most points after `n` rounds. Notice that there is no way to lose accumulated points.

Example using strategy 2:
Round 1:
You throw 5 and 6, Eric throws 3 and 4

You win since 4 < 5, your pot is now 1

Round 2:
You throw 5 and 6, Eric throws 3 and 4

You win since 4 < 5, your pot is now 2*1 + 1 = 3

Round 3:
You throw 5 and 6, Eric throws 3 and 4

You win since 4 < 5, your pot is now 2*3 + 1 = 7

Round 4:
You throw 5 and 6, Eric throws 3 and 4

You win since 4 < 5, your pot is now 2*7 + 1 = 15

---

Now the question is: What is the lowest number of rounds (`n`) the game must be
in order for strategy 2 to the best strategy?

Answer: 8

Commit message:

Fixed some issues with dice
Simplyfied problem text. Added solution.

dice/README.md, after:

You and an opponent (let's call him Eric) are playing a new dice game you just
invented. The rules are as follows:

The game consists of `n` rounds. In each round both you and Eric throw two die
each. Eric then picks the highest of his two die, you pick the lowest of the
your two die. If Eric's dice is higher than yours, Eric wins the round,
otherwise you win the round.

The score is calculated as follows:
Both players start with a score of `0`.

Whenever Eric wins he simply gets 1 point added to his score.

Whenever you win, your existing score is first doubled, and then you also get 1
point added to your score.

The winner of the game is of course the one with the highest score after the
`n` rounds are completed.

Example play:
Round 1:
You throw 5 and 6, Eric throws 3 and 4

You win since 4 < 5, your score is now 1

Round 2:
You throw 5 and 6, Eric throws 3 and 4

You win since 4 < 5, your score is now 2*1 + 1 = 3

Round 3:
You throw 5 and 6, Eric throws 3 and 4

You win since 4 < 5, your score is now 2*3 + 1 = 7

Round 4:
You throw 5 and 6, Eric throws 3 and 4

You win since 4 < 5, your score is now 2*7 + 1 = 15

---

Now the question is: What is the lowest number of rounds (`n`) the game must be
in order for you to have at least 50% chance of winning?

Answer: 16
